CoCoB BBQ
	Step up your snack game with a bold twist!
	 Our Barbecue Flavored Coconut Chips are infused with the smoky, savory taste of barbecue, perfectly complementing the natural sweetness of real coconuts. Packed with medium-chain triglycerides (MCTs) and rich in fiber, these light and crispy chips offer guilt-free indulgence with no cholesterol. Whether you're looking to add a zesty crunch to your salads or enjoying a snack with a kick, experience the smoky, crispy revolution today!

CoCoB Cheese
	Ditch the ordinary. Grab the extraordinary!  
Our Cheese Flavored Coconut Chips are  packed with medium-chain triglycerides (MCTs) from real coconuts. Every bite bursts with irresistible cheese flavor, creating a delightful dance with the natural sweetness of coconut.  Light and crispy, with loads of fiber and no cholesterol - this will be all you need to satisfy your cravings. Whether you are elevating your snack game or enhancing your dishes, experience the cheesy, crispy revolution today!

CoCoB Chocolate
	Indulge your sweet tooth with a decadent twist! 
	Our Chocolate Flavored Coconut Chips are infused with the rich, velvety taste of chocolate, perfectly complementing the natural sweetness of real coconuts. Packed with medium-chain triglycerides (MCTs) and rich in fiber, these light and crispy chips offer a guilt-free treat with zero cholesterol. Whether you're looking to satisfy your chocolate fix or adding a sweet crunch to your desserts, experience the chocolatey, crispy revolution today!

CoCoB SourCream&Onion
	Break the Routine. Savor the Remarkable! 
Elevate your snack game with our Sour Cream & Onion Flavored Coconut Chips. Savor the irresistible blend of tangy sour cream & onion and the natural sweetness of coconut in every crunchy bite. Packed with medium-chain triglycerides (MCTs) from real coconuts, these chips offer a guilt-free treat with loads of fiber and no cholesterol. Whether you're adding a crunchy twist to your salads or craving a satisfying snack, experience the creamy, crispy revolution today!


CoCoW BlueLemonade
Thirsty for something excitingly delicious? Our refreshing coconut water is now blended with good old-fashioned Blue Lemonade to give you a uniquely new experience in quenching your thirst. Containing essential electrolytes such as potassium, sodium, magnesium and calcium, enjoy the perfect marriage of flavors of Cocopure – more than your average coconut water.

CoCoW AppleGreenTea
	How do you like them Apples? Now imagine it blended with the flavorful goodness of Green Tea. Now mix all this with our refreshing coconut water and out comes a uniquely new experience in quenching your thirst. Containing essential electrolytes such as Potassium, Sodium, Magnesium and Calcium PLUS Vitamin C - enjoy the perfect marriage of flavors of COCOPURE - more than your average coconut water.
	
CoCoW Mango
	Imagine the refreshing goodness of Coconut Water. Imagine it now with a burst of flavorful Mangoes. Quench your thirst with this unique blend containing essential electrolytes such as Potassium, Sodium, Magnesium and Calcium, plus more than enough Vitamin C to last you for the day. Enjoy the perfect marriage of flavors of COCOPURE - more than your average Coconut Water.
	
CoCoW Pineapple
	We know that an ice cold glass of pineapple juice instantly quenches your thirst on a blazing hot day. Now imagine it blended with refreshing coconut water and out comes a uniquely flavorful combination to make your mouth pucker and your spirits soar. Containing essential electrolytes such as Potassium equivalent to 2 bananas, Sodium, Magnesium and Calcium PLUS lots of Vitamin C! Enjoy the perfect marriage of flavors of Cocopure - more than your average coconut water.	
	
	
	